== Interchange

Interchange is a macro-scale traffic simulator. You can use any OSM file as the infrastructure, Interchange will attempt to auto-detect roads, intersections, etc.

* Interchange is still a work in progress and there are serious bugs and lots of undocumented code.

== Quickstart

1. Cleaning

    mvn clean

2. Building

    mvn package

3. Running

    On OS X / Linux
      ./interchange

    On Windows & Other
      java -jar target/interchange-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar

== Features
* Import OSM files to simulate any area of the world
* Vehicles accelerate and decelerate at real-world rates.
* Vehicles/Drivers know and follow speed limits.
* Vehicles/Drivers have a few behaviors they switch between including following other vehicles, crossing intersections, and general.
* Vehicles/Drivers switch between lanes and follow most laws including being in the left-most lane for left turns.

== Limitations
* Most 3 and 4 node connections are assumed to have traffic lights.
* One-way streets are not respected.
* Only one vehicle type/spec is supported.
* Only three-way and four-way intersections are supported.
* Drivers strictly follow all implemented laws, there is no chance for vehicles to collide or run red lines. (and it shouldn't happen).
* Only relatively small OSM files work well. (~5mi x 5mi).
* Interface does not render lanes although they are simulated.
* Edge case: there is a snapping effect where fast-moving vehicles may not move at the appropriate delta per tick